Do a silly dance for 30 seconds.  
Speak in an accent until your next turn.  
Post an embarrassing childhood photo in chat.  
Sing the chorus of your favorite song out loud.  
Do 10 push-ups right now.  
Pretend to be a waiter/waitress and take snack orders from everyone.  
Change your nickname to something funny for the next 10 minutes.  
Act like a monkey until someone laughs.  
Say everything in rhyme for the next 5 minutes.  
Put on socks on your hands until your next turn.  
Imitate a famous celebrity until someone guesses.  
Eat a spoonful of ketchup or hot sauce.  
Do 20 squats while counting loudly.  
Send the last photo in your gallery.  
Talk like a robot until your next turn.  
Sing everything you want to say until your next turn.  
Do your best evil laugh.  
Hold water in your mouth and try not to laugh while others try to make you laugh.  
Type without using the space bar for the next 10 minutes.  
Balance something on your head for 1 minute.  
Pretend you’re a dog until your next turn.  
Text someone random with only emojis.  
Say the alphabet backwards as fast as you can.  
Let the group give you a new nickname for 10 minutes.  
Speak without moving your lips for 5 minutes.  
Wear your shirt backward until the game ends.  
Do your best runway walk.  
Try to lick your elbow.  
Pretend you’re in a dramatic soap opera scene.  
Draw something blindfolded and show it.  
Imitate your favorite teacher or boss.  
Make an animal noise every time you’re mentioned for the next 5 minutes.  
Type only in ALL CAPS until your next turn.  
Let someone write a status for you and keep it for 10 minutes.  
Pretend your hand is a puppet and talk with it.  
Dance like no one’s watching for 1 minute.  
Show the most embarrassing meme in your phone.  
Do a plank for 1 minute.  
Imitate your favorite cartoon character.  
Talk like Yoda until your next turn.  
Act like you’re stuck in slow motion for 1 minute.  
Make a silly face and hold it for 30 seconds.  
Try to juggle 3 random objects.  
Pretend you’re a superhero with a weird power.  
Say the first word that comes to your mind for 1 minute straight.  
Do 10 jumping jacks while singing.  
Pretend you’re a famous singer giving a concert.  
Let someone else type a random message from your phone.  
Act like a cat until your next turn.  
Balance on one foot for 1 minute.  
Pretend to be an influencer doing a live stream.  
Make a fish face and keep it until your next turn.  
Pretend to cry dramatically like in a movie.  
Show your last 5 emojis used.  
Send a random voice note.  
Wear a funny filter and send a selfie.  
Sing the alphabet like it’s a sad love song.  
Pretend you’re a sports commentator narrating the game.  
Imitate your favorite movie villain.  
Do 5 animal impressions.  
Let someone change your profile picture for 5 minutes.  
Try to whistle a song until someone guesses it.  
Pretend you’re a news anchor and give “breaking news.”  
Make up a silly song about someone in the group.  
Pretend you’re invisible for 1 minute.  
Act like a zombie until your next turn.  
Do your best TikTok dance.  
Pretend you’re an alien trying to learn human culture.  
Try to talk without using the letter "E" until your next turn.  
Act like you’re underwater for 30 seconds.  
Send the 3rd picture in your camera roll.  
Pretend to be a waiter taking ridiculous food orders.  
Say a tongue twister 5 times fast.  
Dance like a ballerina until your next turn.  
Imitate someone else in the group.  
Act like you’re stuck inside a video game.  
Do 10 sit-ups while counting dramatically.  
Make up a rap about the group.  
Pretend to be a fortune teller.  
Send a random GIF that describes your mood.  
Pretend you’re hosting a cooking show.  
Talk in slow motion until your next turn.  
Draw a self-portrait blindfolded.  
Pretend to ride an invisible horse.  
Do a fake commercial for an object nearby.  
Talk like a pirate until your next turn.  
Act like a superhero saving the group.  
Pretend you’re a DJ mixing tracks.  
Do your best evil villain speech.  
Send a random funny sticker.  
Act like you’re stuck in a storm.  
Pretend you’re a chef making a weird recipe.  
Speak only in questions until your next turn.  
Do 20 seconds of freestyle dancing.  
Imitate a baby crying.  
Pretend you’re in an interview for a silly job.  
Sing your favorite nursery rhyme.  
Act like you’re in an action movie chase.  
Pretend to talk to your future self.  
Do your best impression of your favorite streamer.  
